# abook addressbook file

[format]
program=abook
version=0.6.0pre2


[0]
name=Benjamin Faas
email=benjamin.faas@useeds.de

[1]
name=Berlin Mobile
email=cb.mobile.berlin@useeds.de

[2]
name=CB Web Berlin
email=cb_web_berlin@useeds.de

[3]
name=Carola Buescher
email=carola.buescher@useeds.de

[4]
name=Christian Dornbusch
email=christian.dornbusch@useeds.de

[5]
name=Christian Hager
email=christian.hager@consorsbank.de

[6]
name=Christian Sieber
email=christian.sieber@consorsbank.de

[7]
name=Christina Bloecher
email=christina.bloecher@useeds.de

[8]
name=Christine Mitsch
email=christine.mitsch@consorsbank.de

[9]
name=Conny Kawohl
email=conny.kawohl@useeds.de

[10]
name=Daniel Terhorst
email=daniel.terhorst@useeds.de

[11]
name=Ekaterina Pereslavskaya
email=ekaterina.pereslavskaya@useeds.de

[12]
name=Emilie Alonso
email=emilie.alonso@useeds.de

[13]
name=Fabian Klenk
email=fabian.klenk@useeds.de

[14]
name=Freelancer Useeds
email=freelancer@useeds.de

[15]
name=Huey-Yuan Wang
email=huey-yuan.wang@useeds.de

[16]
name=Irene Escudé
email=irene.escude@useeds.de

[17]
name=Ivar Feldheim
email=thorgis@web.de

[18]
name=Jan Heinsen
email=jan.heinsen@extern.consorsbank.de,jan.heinsen@gmail.com

[19]
name=Kathleen Auerbach
email=kathleen.auerbach@useeds.de

[20]
name=Lena Irschl
email=lena.irschl@useeds.de

[21]
name=Maksym Gendin
email=maksym.gendin@consorsbank.de

[22]
name=Manuela Risch
email=manuela.risch@useeds.de

[23]
name=Marcel Krause
email=marcel.krause@useeds.de,feuerwinter@gmail.com,mgmk@posteo.de

[24]
name=Maria Meermeier
email=maria.meermeier@useeds.de

[25]
name=Marina Caramagno
email=marina.caramagno@useeds.de

[26]
name=Marit Brademann
email=marit.brademann@useeds.de

[27]
name=Markus Bauer
email=markus.bauer@useeds.de

[28]
name=Martha Olmos
email=martha.olmos@useeds.de

[29]
name=Martina Windrath
email=martina.windrath@useeds.de

[30]
name=Meike Boelts
email=meike.boelts@useeds.de

[31]
name=Michael Fleck
email=michael.fleck@useeds.de

[32]
name=Nora Gajewski
email=nora.gajewski@useeds.de

[33]
name=Nürnberg Mobile
email=cb.mobile.nuernberg@useeds.de

[34]
name=Office
email=office@useeds.de

[35]
name=Oliver Jahn
email=oliver.jahn@useeds.de

[36]
name=Sabine Kaufmann
email=sabine.kaufmann@useeds.de

[37]
name=Sebastian Hoos
email=sebastian.hoos@useeds.de

[38]
name=Sebastian Stottele
email=sebastian.stottele@useeds.de

[39]
name=Sirin Cepkenli
email=sirin.cepkenli@useeds.de

[40]
name=Stefanie Simon
email=stefanie.simon@useeds.de

[41]
name=Stephane Letz
email=stephane.letz@useeds.de

[42]
name=Steve Jones
email=steve.jones@useeds.de

[43]
name=Sven Lieckefett
email=sven.lieckefett@useeds.de

[44]
name=Team Useeds
email=team@useeds.de

[45]
name=Thomas Otto
email=thomas.otto@useeds.de

[46]
name=Thomas Pribbenow
email=thomas.pribbenow@useeds.de

[47]
name=Tim Schneidermeier
email=tim.schneidermeier@useeds.de

[48]
name=Tobias Winkler
email=tobias.winkler@useeds.de

